This archive contains the following files and folders:Cell filesGolding_JP_2005.pdfMod filesSimulate Figures 3-5Simulate Figures 6-7The folder names are self explanatory. Further details regarding the files in eachfolder are provided below.All materials in this archive are copyrighted by 2005 by Nelson Spruston. Models maybe used for scientific purposes. Permission must be obtained to publish images in thisarchive.Cell Files----------There are three morphology files, which we call Ri04, Ri05, and Ri06.These correspond to cell1, cell 2, and cell 3 in the paper. This isillustrated in the file, cells.eps (Illustrator eps format).There are three morphology files with .nrn extensions. These are themorphology files read by NEURON. These files are duplicated in the simulationfolders. Each file contains two procedures that are called in the main runfile for the simulation: correct_soma() adjusts the somatic sections as describedin the Methods. resegment() adjusts each section to an appropriate number ofsegments.Golding_JP_2005.pdf-------------------This is a pdf of the published paper.Mod Files---------This folder contains the NMODL files used by NEURON to simulate the H coonductance (ih.mod),AMPA receptor-based synapses (synampa.mod), and a utility for measuring voltage changes ineach section of the model (dv.mod). These mod files are needed to run the simulations.Simulate Figures 3-5--------------------For each of the three cells there is a folder containing all the code needed to run thesimulations to reproduce Figures 3-5. All simulations are controlled from the windowsopened by the "dowindows()" procedure. Graph characteristics can be changed using standardNEURON controls in the top left corner of each graph. Run the simulation by opening the filenamed with the form ri0x_figs3-5_run.hoc.Simulate Figures 6-7--------------------For each of the three cells there is a folder containing all the code needed to run thesimulations to reproduce Figures 6 and 7. All simulations are controlled from the windowsopened by the "dowindows()" procedure. Graph characteristics can be changed using standardNEURON controls in the top left corner of each graph. Run the simulation by opening the filenamed with the form ri0x_figs6-7_run.hoc.Note: Each simulation includes a plot of deltav (or negative deltav) vs. distance. This isfor the apical dendrites only (zero is the soma). For figure 6 the data in the paper is aplot of Vsoma/Vdend, which can be created from the data. Also note that the plot shows a singlepath from the soma to one apical tip. For figure 7, the simulated synapse is not necessarilyon the plotted path. This can be changed by editing code in the ri0x_windows file.